[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: Before
we dive into that,
quickly going through some alternatives,
I think probably the most popular
alternative in the Node world is
MongoDB which is really great.
It natively speaks JSON.
It's pretty fast and there's no migrations
because obviously it's a NoSQL database,
and can sort of store document objects
whose content can change without
necessitating a database migration.
Also Mongoose, as I mentioned,
the ODM on top of MongoDB
is probably much better than any
similar tool in Node.js right now.
There's a lot more resources
out there on on how to use it.
So there is definitely that advantage.
Using ORM Sequelize is definitely
a choice that you would make if
using a relational database is important
to you for reason, as it is for us.
And if you like the features that Postgres
offers, which are many and in great.